---
layout: post
date: 2014-02-07 2:15 AM
title: Is it God or me ?
cover: http://comicbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/god_is_disappointed1.jpg
---

*PS: this is a pessimistic passage.* 

I do not have a clue about what I should write in this blog post. I just felt the need to write something, at this very moment.

Life in this world is very interesting indeed, and nothing is perfect - period ? Nevertheless, being imperfect does not mean it is not beautiful, in fact beauty is usually found through imperfections. 

Maybe, just maybe- that is how God works, revealing Himself through imperfections.
___

It always seems to me that the God I know, the Holy Three in One, is a God of reverse psychology. But some pastor once told me that our God doesn't play games, hence He doesn't work in any reverse psychological manner. But through my own personal experience, I hardly find that to be true.

Have you ever felt that in life, that the more you want something, the more you can't have it? 

Life is full of shattered pieces of "can't haves" and "resentments" and I think that is just sad. You can argue that life is not just about "wants", but sometimes, I do think that something you really really "want", will become something you really really need - in order for life to go on ***happily***.

Now the next question...

Is happiness paramount for life to go on then? I guess so, but on a side note, if we portray happiness into having something or someone in the future,(ie: having that dream job, having that dream car or having that special someone), we will never be truly happy **now**. 

As long as we are chasing a fulfillment in the future, we will never truly be happy at the present moment. This is because happiness can only be experience in the present moment, when you are enjoying every second of it. So the idea of portraying happiness into the future once you have something or someone is illogical and detrimental.

___

It always seems like I am monologuing with myself when I ponder about God-related questions. Wouldn't it be great if God would be able to respond to my every need and questions in life? 

If I were to ask God: "Why are you not giving me what I so desperately need?". Guess what will God answer me? Wait for it ... 

...*exactly*

God will not answer, and He will remain silent. 
___

Maybe this is just one of those moments where I ramble with God, argue with God and question God about life related questions. I know that this process is crucial for character development, but I wonder why is God so so obsessed with my character? What does he want from me? Why do I have to go into all these pain just so that I can become who ***He*** wants me to be? Is this still free will or a sign of predestined life?

Ultimately what I feel right now just comes down to this- nothing is perfect in this world and even the world outside. Christianity as a religion is not perfect, and Christians are not perfect. Even my relationship with God is not perfect because I'm not perfect.

So how can I expect a relationship with God that is perfect (ie: free from troubles and sorrows) ?

 